the Book of Daniel in the third year of
the Book of Daniel in the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah
the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah
the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to Jerusalem and besieged it and the Lord
Jerusalem and besieged it and the Lord
Jerusalem and besieged it and the Lord gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his
gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his
gave Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand with some of the articles of the
hand with some of the articles of the
hand with some of the articles of the house of God which he carried into the
house of God which he carried into the
house of God which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his God
land of Shinar to the house of his God
land of Shinar to the house of his God and he brought the articles into the
and he brought the articles into the
and he brought the articles into the treasure house of his God then the king
treasure house of his God then the king
treasure house of his God then the king instructed ashpenaz the master of his
instructed ashpenaz the master of his
instructed ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs to bring some of the children of
eunuchs to bring some of the children of
eunuchs to bring some of the children of Israel and some of the Kings descendants
Israel and some of the Kings descendants
Israel and some of the Kings descendants and some of the nobles young men in whom
and some of the nobles young men in whom
and some of the nobles young men in whom there was no blemish but good-looking
there was no blemish but good-looking
there was no blemish but good-looking gifted in all wisdom possessing
gifted in all wisdom possessing
gifted in all wisdom possessing knowledge and quick to understand who
knowledge and quick to understand who
knowledge and quick to understand who had ability to serve in the king's
had ability to serve in the king's
had ability to serve in the king's palace and whom they might teach the
palace and whom they might teach the
palace and whom they might teach the language and literature of the Chaldeans
language and literature of the Chaldeans
language and literature of the Chaldeans and the King appointed for them a daily
and the King appointed for them a daily
and the King appointed for them a daily provision of the Kings delicacies and of
provision of the Kings delicacies and of
provision of the Kings delicacies and of the wine which he drank and three years
the wine which he drank and three years
the wine which he drank and three years of training for them so that at the end
of training for them so that at the end
of training for them so that at the end of that time they might serve before the
of that time they might serve before the
of that time they might serve before the king now from among those of the sons of
king now from among those of the sons of
king now from among those of the sons of Judah were Daniel Hananiah Mishael and
Judah were Daniel Hananiah Mishael and
Judah were Daniel Hananiah Mishael and Azariah to them the chief of the eunuchs
Azariah to them the chief of the eunuchs
Azariah to them the chief of the eunuchs gave names
gave names
gave names he gave Daniel the name Belteshazzar to
he gave Daniel the name Belteshazzar to
he gave Daniel the name Belteshazzar to Hananiah Shadrach to Michelle misha
Hananiah Shadrach to Michelle misha
Hananiah Shadrach to Michelle misha under Azariah Abednego
under Azariah Abednego
under Azariah Abednego but Daniel purposed in his heart that he
but Daniel purposed in his heart that he
but Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile for ssin of the Kings
would not defile for ssin of the Kings
would not defile for ssin of the Kings delicacies nor with the wine which he
delicacies nor with the wine which he
delicacies nor with the wine which he drank therefore he requested of the
drank therefore he requested of the
drank therefore he requested of the chief of the eunuchs that he might not
chief of the eunuchs that he might not
chief of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself now God had brought
defile himself now God had brought
defile himself now God had brought Daniel into the favour and goodwill of
Daniel into the favour and goodwill of
Daniel into the favour and goodwill of the chief of the eunuchs and the chief
the chief of the eunuchs and the chief
the chief of the eunuchs and the chief of the eunuchs said to Daniel I fear my
of the eunuchs said to Daniel I fear my
of the eunuchs said to Daniel I fear my lord the king who has appointed your
lord the king who has appointed your
lord the king who has appointed your food and drink for why should he see
food and drink for why should he see
food and drink for why should he see your faces looking worse than the young
your faces looking worse than the young
your faces looking worse than the young men who are your age then you would
men who are your age then you would
men who are your age then you would endanger my head before the king
endanger my head before the king
endanger my head before the king so Daniel said to the steward whom the
so Daniel said to the steward whom the
so Daniel said to the steward whom the chief of the eunuchs had set over Daniel
chief of the eunuchs had set over Daniel
chief of the eunuchs had set over Daniel Hananiah Mishael and Azariah please test
Hananiah Mishael and Azariah please test
Hananiah Mishael and Azariah please test your servants for 10 days and let them
your servants for 10 days and let them
your servants for 10 days and let them give us vegetables to eat and water to
give us vegetables to eat and water to
give us vegetables to eat and water to drink then let our appearance be
drink then let our appearance be
drink then let our appearance be examined before you and the appearance
examined before you and the appearance
examined before you and the appearance of the young men who eat the portion of
of the young men who eat the portion of
of the young men who eat the portion of the Kings delicacies and as you see fit
the Kings delicacies and as you see fit
the Kings delicacies and as you see fit so deal with your servants so he
so deal with your servants so he
so deal with your servants so he consented with them in this matter and
consented with them in this matter and
consented with them in this matter and tested them 10 days and at the end of 10
tested them 10 days and at the end of 10
tested them 10 days and at the end of 10 days their features appeared better and
days their features appeared better and
days their features appeared better and fatter in flesh than all the young men
fatter in flesh than all the young men
fatter in flesh than all the young men who ate the portion of the Kings
who ate the portion of the Kings
who ate the portion of the Kings delicacies
delicacies
delicacies thus the steward took away their portion
thus the steward took away their portion
thus the steward took away their portion of delicacies and the wine that they
of delicacies and the wine that they
of delicacies and the wine that they were to drink and gave them vegetables
were to drink and gave them vegetables
were to drink and gave them vegetables as for these four young men God gave
as for these four young men God gave
as for these four young men God gave them knowledge and skill in all
them knowledge and skill in all
them knowledge and skill in all literature and wisdom and Daniel had
literature and wisdom and Daniel had
literature and wisdom and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams
understanding in all visions and dreams
understanding in all visions and dreams now at the end of the days when the King
now at the end of the days when the King
now at the end of the days when the King had said that they should be brought in
had said that they should be brought in
had said that they should be brought in the chief of the eunuchs brought them in
the chief of the eunuchs brought them in
the chief of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar
before Nebuchadnezzar
before Nebuchadnezzar then the king interviewed them and among
then the king interviewed them and among
then the king interviewed them and among them all none was found like Daniel
them all none was found like Daniel
them all none was found like Daniel Hananiah Mishael and Azariah therefore
Hananiah Mishael and Azariah therefore
Hananiah Mishael and Azariah therefore they served before the king and in all
they served before the king and in all
they served before the king and in all matters of wisdom and understanding
matters of wisdom and understanding
matters of wisdom and understanding about which the king examined them he
about which the king examined them he
about which the king examined them he found them ten times better than all the
found them ten times better than all the
found them ten times better than all the magicians and astrologers who were in
magicians and astrologers who were in
magicians and astrologers who were in all his realm
all his realm
all his realm thus Daniel continued until the first
thus Daniel continued until the first
thus Daniel continued until the first year of Kings science